fix: Update README.md (#292)
input-output-hk/atala-prism-mediator: README.md

#### Mediator storage 
- The `messages` collection contains two types of messages: `Mediator` and `User`.
1. **Mediator Messages**:

>     - The mediator receives these messages for any interactions with the mediator.
>     - Examples include messages for setting up mediation, requesting mediation, or picking up messages from the mediator.

Reviewer: Any Message to interacts with the mediator.
```suggestion
    - Any Message to interacts with the mediator. For example: messages for setting up mediation, requesting mediation, picking up messages from the mediator, or forward message to another agent through the mediator.
```
